He was all right at night.
He even got up and
went to the bathroom.
What happened, boss?
Someone's dead.
- Who?
That same guy who used to
fight with the newspaper..
..vendor every morning,
he has a daughter..
..who has a healthy figure,
she's not to be seen today?
He was very close to Mr. Chopra.
He used to buy fruits for Rs.30..
..and he used to complain
about it 300 times.
Oh, God, we
shouldn't criticise the dead.
Who criticises when alive?
This is the best opportunity.
Who'll get the seed now?
Everything is by God's grace,
Sister, the bill. - Rs.120??
20 and 20 makes 40 and..
Okay, now that he isn't alive..
..doesn't mean you
could give any calculation.
Do you know?
He used to keep an account..
..of each and everything
on the Chinese calculator.
Mummy, is it matching?
Dear, at least today you should have
worn a traditional dress, isn't it?
Mummy, this Sunday there are
many dead bodies coming at..
..the hill, and so there
would be many people too..
..coming there, I can't wear
a traditional suit there.
Is he going to be alive again
if she wears a traditional dress?
Look, I am telling you
nothing has happened.
Nothing happened? I have to
cook food for so many people..
..it's eleven o'clock.
Nothing has been done yet?
I say cook some kidney
beans and rice.
Instead of two, cook it
till it whistles four times.
And add a bit of soda to it.
It will cook faster. Simple.
Kidney beans and rice?
The kidney beans spoon was in one
hand and the remote in the other.
Is that all?
Sachin's sixer.
Okay, but what happened
to Khosla sir?
We have no idea,
Uncle. He's never told us..
..what he is up to.. soon
after watching the match..
..we saw him fallen
on the sofa itself.
This watch of yours is nice.
Is it an imported one?
I too was thinking of buying one.
Hey, dear Bunty, how are you?
- I am fine, Uncle. How are you?
How much is it for, Uncle?
- Maybe Rs.3700.
He was my companion for eight
years in the chartered bus..
..and was thinking
of buying some plot.
Let's see who sits next to me
henceforth in the adjoining seat.
Cherry, have you made
arrangements for some tea?
No idea, Uncle, you may
please have a look yourself.
Mummy.. Mummy
where are the car keys?
Dear, it must be in his pocket..
..he had got the car
reversed for you last night.
He had to die with
the keys in his pocket.
I'll be late from the office in
the evening, got a presentation. Bye.
No problem
- The boy is very busy..
..he is the apple of
Khosla sir's eye.
This picture has been made
very well by her, isn't it?
It is from the passport.
He was to go to Bangladesh.
He couldn't even go there.
You too, early in the morning.
I've been requesting you from
the last 30 years not to give me..
..kidney beans at night, see
I've ended with a gas problem..
..and I have to visit the plot too.
Oh, you have to go to
the plot at 9 o'clock..
..but you have woken up at
five in the morning itself.
Neither do you sleep nor do
you allow others to sleep.
Why should I allow
everyone to sleep?
You must be making preparations
to move to the new plot.
Mr. Khosla, now you
people will be known..
..as the family from South Delhi.
Your family must be
very excited, isn't it?
We are going for the very first time.
We will be going at two.
Lucky man.
Breathe in, breathe out. Breathe,
inhale again.
Now start..
Again a deep breath, inhale..
What happened?
Cherry was saying,
he won't go to see the plot.
Why? The whole family is going.
Is he a big joint
secretary that he is refusing?
You ask him about that.
Why should I ask him? Is he
doing any favour to me by coming?
Mr. Khosla, please concentrate.
Let him not come
if he is not coming.
Why should I spoil my
Sunday because of others?
I will also not go, no one will go.
Once this gate opens,
there's a garden in front.
Okay? And in front of the garden
like this the stairs are going..
..and from there when you go ahead..
The house is yet to be made and
the thieves have already come..
..yes, then, in front of the
garden will be our drawing room.
What should I do with this?
Pick it up and throw it out.
Please concentrate a bit,
you are the engineer..
..of the full house, you are
going to construct it, look here.
Papa, I'm a computer engineer.
I don't know about these bricks and
stones, I'm watching, you continue.
Okay. I'll explain to you the
meaning of south facing plot.
But from here, where
does the south fall?
Just make him understand.
There.
And from our present house?
From there too it is over there.
Oh! Then why have we taken the land..
..thirty kilometers far from there?
Where are you going there?
- Two minutes, Papa.
Afterwards you play with that..
What I mean is..
He's not playing,
he's reading a message.
Papa, I'm telling you, you're
becoming illiterate day-by-day.
Papa, I have to leave.
Leave! Where to?
I have to go to office.
Go to office? On Sunday?
I know you work for a
multinational company..
..but Sunday is for every country.
Tell them it's a holiday.
No, Papa, I'll have
to go. I'm leaving.
We have to decide everything..
..what marble is to be put on
the floor and for the walls..
You all decide that,
I'm getting late.
Come on! We'll have to discuss
about your floor with you only.
Papa, whatever floor you'll decide,
I'll stay in that..
..but now I'll have to go.
Bunty, drop me.
He doesn't have time
even on a Sunday.
The company people are
draining his blood. Poor thing.
Three parties were interested
for this property, Uncle.
One had even given
the money in cash..
..but I withdrew it in-between,
isn't it?
Dear, hard work has to done.
Yes, yes.
Vijender, frankly speaking,
I have spent all my life's earning..
..in this.. this location.
The main thing is that
my younger son Cherry's office..
..is very close to this place.
- Yes, yes.
These multinational companies
catch the intelligent persons..
Uncle, you've
brought the cash, isn't it?
Cash?
- Cash.. - Oh..
Actually, Cherry
used to look after it.
But he works even on a Sunday.
Cash is there.
Thirty-two, thirty-two,
thirty-two, thirty-three..
..thirty-three, thirty-three,
thirty-four, thirty-four..
Vijender, count carefully,
it's my whole life's earning.
Don't bother, Uncle, it's my
daily job, thirty-four, thirty..
..four, thirty-five..
Take this, it's complete now.
Congratulations, Uncle.
And Uncle, when are you
constructing your house?
Dear, I have done my job,
now who wants to stay there..
..let them worry.
I told my younger son Cherry..
..what we say in English
that it's your baby now?
Now, can we go?
Now my sons will take it further.
Yes, yes, what are the sons for?
Meghna? Meghna?
Meghna?
Hi, Bill Gates.
Hey, what are you doing?
JLT.
What?
Just like that.
Sometimes you should do like this.
It's good for health.
Will you try? Should I teach you?
No, thank you.
Cherry, why you are so boring?
Okay. Come here,
come on, hold the leg.
Hold me! Hold me!
Oh, God, look at your face.
Don't worry, I am not going
to kiss you. Shall we move?
Shall we go for the rehearsal?
"She doesn't know.."
"..what she thinks.."
"No heads, no tails,
where does she come from?"
"She is unusual.”
"She is very interesting.."
Okay. Come, hold me.
Why?
Hey, what happened? Just hold me.
But why?
Because you are my boyfriend.
Now just hold me. - Please,
I am not anyone's boyfriend.
Okay, fine, you're not..
Now just hold me! Otherwise
you will fall.. like this.
"I do I trust her, wait for
her and have confidence in her.."
And Bill Gates, celebrating Sunday?
Hey! Leave it.
What?
I told you to stop smoking,
isn't it?
She knows I can't refuse, she is
taking disadvantage of the same.
Yes, I do, leave it.
- Take this too.
Thank you!
Next month there is
Bangalore theatre festival..
..will you come along with us?
There is a problem
for next month, Bapu.
She is working too hard, give
her moral support by coming.
This coward will give
me moral support? This?
Take a leave for two days, dear.
It's not about leave, Bapu.
Actually I won't be here
at that time.
Then where will you be?
New York.
New York? Wow! On tour?
No, I had applied to
a software company..
..if everything goes well, then
from next month, I have to join.
How come you never told me?
You two really keep
it close, don't you?
Anyway, very good, I will
always wish you to be successful..
..keep climbing higher..
..but don't forget us
after reaching there.
Don't be stupid, Bapu,
how can someone forget you.
She will forget.. Yes.
Bapu!
- What is it?
There was a call from Bangalore.
They were asking about
the next month's show.
New York, is it?
Actually I thought, it
wouldn't be right telling anyone..
..before things get finalised.
What's the use of telling someone?
Everybody at home would be happy.
Their son is going to be an NRI!
You didn't tell at home?
Cherry, you are going away..
..and you didn't inform
at your home. Are you mad?
Meghna, you know how my papa is,
I just don't know how to tell him.
Why, what's the problem? The
way you told me, tell him too..
"I am afraid, is this a dream.."
"The one who is mine, don't
know where he will be tomorrow."
Hello.
- Where are you, sir?
The queue is about to finish.
Where are you?
I was about to leave, Asif.
Igbal. Asif Igbal. Do one thing..
..get one photo and
come here immediately.
But you said, six will do.
If the US embassy did
what I wished..
..then whole Karol
Bagh would be California!
Everything will be
closed after 1 o'clock..
..and they are
closed for one week then.
And then these guys
will be in a war then..
..and you will be
sitting here forever.
If you want a VISA in 30 days, then
come with a photo in ten minutes.
See you.
- But.. Asif!
You are right on time!
Looks like you will
reach America on time too.
These are the papers
you asked for the visa.
Will you have tea?
- No, thank you.
There! You messed up!
Mixed your name with
your dad's in the hurry.
No, it is the way it is.
What does it mean?
You mean that your dad's
name is Kamal Kishore Khosla..
..and your name is
Chiraunjee Lal Khosla?
Chiraunjee Lal?
To think what they are going
to do to your name in America!
You check the papers!
Chiraunjee! Isn't it
something that is to be eaten?
Whoever has named you,
surely, he must be your enemy.
Brother Cherry, Papa is here.
Cherry, come here.
Everyone is waiting for you.
All the decisions are
waiting for your arrival.
Where is the name-plate, Bunty?
- It's in your lap!
This is the nameplate. Look at it.
Well, here it is.
K.K. and Sudha Khosla..
..that is me and your mother.
This is B.K Khosla. That is Bunty.
And this Chiraunjee Khosla,
that is you. - How is it?
I told you not to make it in gold..
..these cheap things are
not liked by all, Bunty.
We will redo it in marble.
But the names look good, don't they?
Papa, this will change.
- This will change.. what?
Papa, I am changing my name.
Changing your name?
What do you mean?
I didn't understand.
I am changing my name.
He has just come from the office.
And you are discussing the
name-plate. Here, drink water.
Water? Let him drink water.
But I did not understand.
Papa, I don't want to be
named Chiraunjee Lal Khosla.
Why?
- Because I don't like this name!
You don't like it? It is your name.
There is no question
of like and dislike!
Because.. You won't understand, papa.
Sit down for a minute!
You aren't drunk, are you?
You are the limit. If he
wishes to say something, listen!
Listen to him? Today he
says I am changing my name!
Then he'll want to change his home!
Then he will want to
change his family!
And you are speaking for him!
What's there to speak for, Papa?
I just want to change my name,
what's so great in it?
Okay. Okay. You don't change
your name, you just shorten it.
C.L. Khosla?
This is fine, you get to keep
your name, and also the change!
I don't wish to shorten my name,
I wish to change it.
But what is wrong with a short name?
Take mine for instance.
K.K. Khosla, short for
Kamal Kishore Khosla.
Papa, you look like Kamal
Kishore from head to toe.
But do I look
Chiraunjee Lal from any angle?
Let me suggest,
Hrithik is a hit these days.
You name yourself Hrithik.
No, no. Vivek.
Talk softly. By the way,
how will Yuvraj be?
These sportsmen aren't
safe to be named after.
He stops scoring runs, and
this guy will be kicked.
Why don't you take up
an English name?
That really
impresses folks these days.
What?
- Like Ricky Martin?
Yes. Ricky Martin. That's good.
Talk softly..
- Which was the other one, tell me.
"Living La Vida Loca."
(Live life the crazy way).
Mr. Khosla. What
difference does a name make?
Even if he changes name,
he will remain your son!
Actually, Chiraunjee
Lal sounds like a..
..Street peddler than
a software engineer.
These guys nowadays think
in a multi-national manner.
They don't like these Indian names,
to them it is a bad joke!
He was named Chiraunjee
Lal by my mother, Sahani sir.
You know how they used
to name kids those days.
Now, the mother is no more.
She won't come back and
check if the name is changed!
You change it. Don't
take cudgels with youth.
You need to compromise
with him. Compromise!
Compromise?
The whole country is
running because of compromise.
Just compromise a bit,
it will insure your old age.
I don't need insurance, Sahani sir!
You know how the elder
one turned out? - I know.
I have high hopes
from this second one.
That's why I am saying,
make friends with him.
Sahani sir, how can I
make friends with a boy..
..who does not like his own name?
You want to teach me, how to
make friends with a young son?
What do you want, Brother? What?
What? Yes, you tell me.
You move aside!
I have heard, that first you
put the ice, then the soda..
..and then the whisky.
No. You pour the whisky first..
then ice.. and then soda.
No, first, you put the ice, that's
why they call it 'on-the-rocks.'
Then do it your own way.
- Buddy, why are you being touchy?
You go get some Coke
for yourself and mummy.
Why Coke? Can't we drink 'Whisky'?
Sudha, call her to the kitchen.
Sudha, there is no need of
calling me to the kitchen.
You also come here and have a drink!
You can fry the snacks later!
Okay, Okay. Granted. Go
ahead and have your drinks.
Shall we start?
- Slowly.
These things should be
enjoyed slowly.
I have seen Sahani sir
while drinking. Slowly.
It's called, 'Hold The Drink.'
Now, shall we start?
- Buddy, let Cherry come!
Doesn't he late? Check out,
if he is waiting outside.
Why should he be waiting outside?
You just go and look, please.
Start drinking please.
You are already irritated.
Look. You have a long
life ahead. He has come.
Come here, Cherry.
Start frying the snacks.
Cherry has arrived.
Aren't you a bit late today?
No, Papa. This is
when I come every day.
Papa has thrown a party
for the plot!
Let's have that list of names,
Bunty.. you're..
We couldn't finish the
discussion of your name that day.
I have tried changing it.
Chiraunjee Lal could
be Chiraunjee Kumar.
But no. This is a good name.
Chandan Kumar(Sandalwood).
Then there is Chanakya Kumar,
Chanchal Kumar..
Papa, I need to check my e-mails..
Buddy, you work so hard.
Also try to celebrate..
Is the drink ready?
Come, lets start.
Take it. Three cheers for
the new Khosla Kunj (abode).
Plot no. 32, New Sapna Vihar. Cheers!
What happened?
- Papa, I don't drink this drink.
Then what do you drink? Beer?
Bunty, go get beer.
Papa, I don't drink.
- You don't drink?
No mater, come, have one drink
with us for good time's sake.
By the way, too much
drinking is not good, Bunty.
Papa, when I said
I don't drink, I mean it!
Do you think we are fools here,
that we are drinking?
Is Mr. Sahani a fool, that
he drinks every evening?
Is the whole world a bunch of drunks,
and you alone are wise?
What are you doing?
What am I doing? I am trying to
have a drink with my young son.
But he is feeling ashamed to
drink with me, don't I understand?
You go inside.
- He won't go. I need to talk to him.
What is there to talk about?
- There are 100 things.
A new home is being built,
there are 100 things to do, to plan.
I don't want to do any planning!
No! You have to! If you
wish to stay in this home..
..you have to do what
everything is doing!
I don't want to live in this house.
- Shut up. - Why?
Are the multinationals
giving you a big mansion?
Or is this house not worthy of you?
Papa, I am going.
- Where are you going?
I am going to America!
- He is going to America?
I've got a job there.
How can you go to America?
It is not an easy thing!
Papa, I've got a job there.
Stop dreaming big,
and stay grounded.
Papa, I have got a job there!
Watch out for what you have.
Or you will lose that too!
You will fall so hard that you
will lose that big mouth of yours!
Take care for what you have!
And who is waiting to roll
out a red carpet for you there?
Papa, I have got a job in America.
I had applied to a company.
They have appointed me. I
have to leave in a month.
And what about your floor?
There's Bunty.
Brother, can I come in?
Milk.
When are you going to America?
I have applied now.
The interview has to be given.
Your interview will be nice.
You will be visiting
during vacations, right?
Hey, are you sleeping?
- No. I am dancing.
Dude, why are you taking
out papa's anger on me?
Are you really going to America?
You made it, dude.
Call us sometime too.
Let me go first.
I thought of applying in advance.
How are your shares doing?
Same as old.
I am planning to get into real
estate once the house is finished.
‘Khosla Estate Agency.'
What do you say?
- Check it out.
Get some sleep. I have some left.
Dude! Don't forget
after going to America.
Shall I serve the dinner?
No, Mama.
You didn't tell before.
I was about to, Mama.
Your current job is not okay?
No, Mama, it's not that.
But I cant do with just ‘okay'.
You all can join me in a few years.
What will we do there at this age?
What are you doing here?
Your papa is building a new house.
What is the need?
For all this fuss, mess?
He is thinking about your needs.
There should be a big house.
Everyone has own independent room.
Even I am..
Forget it. You are
here for a month more.
Tomorrow is the consecration.
Don't refuse..
Papa will feel
better if you come along.
"The thing that you planned,
the world does not agree.”
"The dream is not there anymore."
"You kept laughing,
never knew any sorrow."
"But no one remains your own now."
"Understand gradually,
know this world."
"Something can be done even now."
- Right.
"What will I do now, Buddy?"
"Where will you go?"
I don't know where we are going?
Stop. Stop for a minute.
Go back, buddy.
Litte reverse please
Hold it! Last time
we came here.Right.
All the plots appear the same.
Where is the south?
This is the same place.
Look, the board.
Yes, I had also seen the board.
But how come there is a wall here?
It's written "Do not pee here."
Have we come to pee here?
I think we have come
to a different sector.
This way the whole day
will pass away.
Can't we ask someone?
Hello. Hello.
Is anyone here?
What is it?
Buddy, sector 30.. plot number..
- 32.
What?
- Where would plot number 32 be?
It is this same here.
Sector 30, plot number
32 is this same one?
I told you it is this.
By the way, what do you want?
What do you mean what we want?
This plot belongs to us!
And who are you?
- What?
Hey, who are you?
- I am the watchman.
Your plot? This plot belongs to
our Khurana sir.
Which Khurana sir? Who?
- What is going on here?
He is the owner of
this plot, who else?
You watch your mouth or..
- Sir, why are you fighting with me?
What's going on here?
- You talk to Mr. Khurana.
Where will we find him?
I don't know that.
He comes over once a while.
You..
- Wait, wait.
Let's go to Vijender, seems like
a confusion. He only can tell us.
Shall I wait or leave?
- You keep sitting behind.
Two minutes and he
wants to catch a flight.
Where is this Vijender?
Uncle, how do I know who Khurana is?
What is this, Vijender?
We bought the plot from you,
and you are saying you don't know?
Uncle, there are thousands of plots.
You can't expect me to keep tabs on
who is building a wall on which plot.
How can I know?
- Why?
Once you receive the money,
your responsibility is over?
Aunt..
- Forget aunt, speak to me!
That day you were
banging away counting the cash!
Politely tell us what the
matter is, otherwise we have..
..other means to get
the truth out of you.
Uncle, the plot is in your name?
- Yes!
Are the documents in your name?
The documents are there,
that is why..
You had taken the
possession by checking yourself?
What do you mean by taken?
You had given us yourself.
Uncle, then my job is done,
isn't it?
It is your plot of land,
so you will look after it.
But you..
Uncle, please forgive me,
it is my lunchtime.
If you need any
other help, let me know.
As it is you, have other
means too, you can try them.
Hey, come out!
Hey, watchman! Come out!
Wait and watch.
Hey watchman! Open
the gate and come out.
What is the matter, sir?
Why are you shouting so much?
Brother, there was a watchman here..
..where did he go?
- No!
There is no watchman here!
Only I am here.
You tell me, what is the matter?
One minute! Look here, sir,
we do not have any enmity..
..against you, but what
I wanted to say is that..
Oh, Uncle, by having
enmity with me..
..are you going to thrash me?
Listen to me!
Just go back two steps.
Go back! Go!
Brother, I would like to
make a request to you.
This plot is mine,
on which at the moment, you..
Brother, if this plot
would have been yours..
..then you would be
standing here in my place.
And I would have been
standing in your place.
Understood!
This plot belongs to Khurana sir.
- What? - Yes!
My Brother, you may
find him anywhere else..
..but he is not here. Understood?!
Who are you?
I am your uncle, Ombir!
Now tell me what are you
going to do?
Brother, when we are
telling you that..
Hey, Uncle, when I do not want
to listen to you..
..what is the use of talking?
You will understand only
when your hands and legs will..
..be broken in front
of these ladies, is it?
"What shall we do now?"
"Where shall we go now?"
"What shall we do,
what shall we do now, my Brother?!"
What shall we do now, my brother?"
What is the matter?
You saw how Vijender was talking?
That day he was so
nice and today you heard..
..how he sounded?
What is there to see?
No, I want to know
what is there to see?
You all have still not understood?
The whole day you are just
talking of the plot and nothing else.
Now, go and do whatever you want.
The plot has been seized.
"This is Khosla's nest.
See to it that it doesn't scatter."
Yes, Mr. Vijender, what I was
trying to tell you is that..
..in the morning,
we were tensed that is why..
..we spoke a little rudely.
And you too
unnecessarily took it to heart.
No! No, we had gone to the site.
Okay, are you in a hurry?
The thing is that if you could
introduce us to Mr. Khurana..
..we could solve
the misunderstanding.
I know that we are troubling you.
But you know when
someone is in trouble..
..then one thinks of
only his near ones.
I am obliged, thank you!
Thank you! Thank you.
What was he saying?
He was a little angry
because of the afternoon talk.
Nobody has seized the land.
There is a misunderstanding.
Someone has taken it
to be their land..
..and built a wall there.
- Papal!
Vijender was saying
that every month someone..
..or the other does this blunder.
And then he apologises.
Papa, I think..
You have already voiced
your thoughts.
You go, you go to America!
As it is, you know everything!
You already made a
statement that the land is seized.
Now, you leave the rest to me.
You go and make arrangements.
..to go back to America.
Then?
- What then?
He must have again
gone to that agent to beg.
You did not go?
What difference would
it make if I go there?
I don't know anything about this.
Anyway, I am going now.
What is the use of getting
involved in all this now?
You tell me! You do not have
any rehearsals today? - No!
The Bangalore festival is
going to take place, isn't it?
Which play are you going to perform?
Cherry! How can you leave
them in the lurch and walk away?
Now what is wrong with you?
No! How can you just go?
Meghna, this job is of the
property agents and the brokers.
By me staying here,
nothing is going to get solved.
As it is, the date of my
return is almost fixed.
Cherry, you are right!
You should go!
Meghna!
- I am getting late, I have to go.
But you said that you don't
have any rehearsals today.
So, can't I go anywhere
else besides my rehearsals?
Where?
- How does it matter to you?
Meghna, what is this?
Cherry, why are you
wasting your time?
You have nothing left over here.
- Meghna! Meghna!
Yes, Mr. Vijender! Yes, one minute!
One minute! One minute!
Yes, tell me.
Go get a pen! Yes, one minute!
Please hold the line.
Bunty has gone to get the pen.
Yes, one minute! Yes,
what were you saying?
Go take the car out.
"How much you were troubled?"
"How much work you have done?"
"Keep your heart tied down."
"Now whatever has happened,
my Brother."
"Now what are we going to do?"
"Now we have to think of something."
This is the Kharbanda farm.
"If you are smart enough,
you will think of something."
Baweja.. Baweja farm.
"Now what are we going to do?"
We are finding all the names,
but we cannot find..
..the name that we are searching for.
Khurana farm! Khurana farm!
Is Mr. Khurana there?
Yes, he is there, come, we will go.
You do not reach on time.
Don't you have any work to do?
Is he Khurana? - As it is, you
do not work and on top of that..
..you give excuses.
I will not spare anyone of you.
I will just have a
word with Mr. Khurana.
No, he is not the one.
- What do you think of yourself?
Madam!
- Yes!
How much more time
will Mr. Khurana take?
You should have taken an
appointment and then come.
Madam, what are you saying?
I think he must be busy
in some important work.
He is doing the veneration.
Uncle, please be seated.
Go ask her,
where shall we get water?
This time you go and ask.
And at least comb your hair.
What was I saying..
Who is Mr. Khosla here?
- Yes!
Mr. Khurana!
- No! My name is Munjal.
You did not meet him?
Go up and then go to the
right and then to the left.
Why are you sitting here?
He was saying that they
had cut many vulgar scenes.
Uncle! Kishen Khurana!
Kishen Khurana! K.K. Khosla!
How are you?
- I am fine, sir, you?
Has anyone offered you
tea or coffee?
Actually.. - They did not
ask you? Didn't they ask you?
Did they ask you or not?
- No!
Service! Come! Come!
How much do I pay you?
Tell me, how much do I pay you?
Three thousand!
- Three thousand! Three thousand!
You fool, will you take
fifty thousand to offer water?
All lazy people stay in this house.
Order me, uncle!
What would you like to have?
No! You have come
here for the first time.
You will definitely
have to take something.
Water!
- And you? - Pepsi!
Uncle, tell me!
What can I do for you?
Yes, sir, that plot in
New Sapna Vihar sector 30..
..plot number..
-32. - Yes, 32.
That is ours, sir!
That is yours?
Then take it! If it is yours,
then take it.
Look here, sir, that
plot is in our name.
If you want you can
check the documents.
Whom are you showing
the documents to?
I can show you 100 documents...
..against your one document.
Do you want to take a look?
Sir.. that plot..
What is there in the plot?
It is just a piece of land.
Am I going to take it away?
As you can see by
the grace of Goddess..
..I have everything here.
There is nothing less!
This money, this land,
everything will be left back.
We have come empty handed and we
will go back empty handed too.
What do you say?
- Yes, that is true.
The main happiness are the children.
We spend our entire life
slogging for the children.
Yes, sir, you are right!
My other son is a computer engineer.
Sir, actually we are in a hurry.
Papa has also left the car unlocked.
So, if we could
please speak to the point.
Is it necessary for
you to speak in between?
Is he your son? He is good! Good!
He is short tempered!
Tell him to pray and meditate.
Twice a day recite
Goddess Vaishnav's name.
It will help you.
I will tell you one thing, Uncle.
Your son is at least
sitting with you.
My son feels ashamed to sit with me.
We have given birth to you,
we have brought you up.
Nursed you when you were sick.
And you feel ashamed
to sit with your father?
Lousy snakes!
Khosla sir, you and
me will talk, okay?
You go and see what
happened to your Pepsi, go!
Sir, actually II..
friend's colony bungalow..
Who gave you the address
of the friend's colony?
Mr. Vijender of the
World Famous properties.
Vijender! Vijender! How is he?
He is absolutely fine!
We have become good friends now.
He was the one who did that.
- Very good!
So, Uncle! You do like this!
You talk to Vijender only.
I did not understand?
Uncle, your work is done.
This is the first
time in so many years..
..that Mr. Khurana in the
first meeting has told someone..
..that this is your plot.
He was praising you a lot.
He said that whatever
Vijender says would be done.
How much is this plot worth?
You know it! All together,
it must be around 30 lakh.
30 lakh! So we should start from 15.
- What? What?
Do you want us to pay 15
lakh for our own land?
You just forget that
this is your plot.
Now, you have to think
that you are buying the plot..
..from Mr. Khurana again.
Look here! If you get this 15 lakh..
That means you have got half
the rate from the market price.
What better deal can you ask for?
Do you know what you are saying?
- What am I saying?
You mean to say that we have
to pay 15 lakh for our own land?
Your land? And put your hand down.
What do you mean by put your
hands down? You think we are fools?
You listen to me.. you
keep your hand down.
You are showing me your
hand every now and then.
This is our everyday job! Understood.
Uncle, please make him understand.
Rest is your wish.
And in such a price where
do you get a land like this?
You think and let me know. 15 lakh.
What are we supposed
to pay 15 lakh for?
As if he will demand
and we will give him.
If you listen to me,
then there is only one way..
..to handle such people.
What is it?
There is a community of
wrestlers in Dev Nagar.
They have a very good reputation.
They can vacate anything, house,
building or land.
If you say so,
then I will go and find out.
My dear, son, we are
middle-class people.
All this fight and
quarrelling is not our cup of tea.
Then give 15 lakh if you have.
Khosla sir! Khosla sir!
No! Please do not get depressed.
Sister-in-law, at least
you make him understand.
They have snatched away the
savings of my life, Mr. Sahani.
My land!
It will not go anywhere!
Nothing will happen to our plot.
Dear Cherry, you get ready!
We will go to the police station.
We are going to the police station.
Now, sir, you only tell us.
If someone comes and
seizes your property..
..then what will a decent man do?
First of all you,
stop calling me sir. Please.
Khosla sir is like my father.
Thank you! Thank you,
my son! Thank you!
Uncle, even I am from a
middle-class family like you.
Even I am earning a salary.
I can understand your pain.
Actually after listening to
some rumours about the police..
..people do not come to us for help.
And finally, they have
to bear their own loss.
These are very normal cases.
In this you have to go
once and be a little stern..
..to the party who has
seized the land. That's it!
What is the price of your land?
Including the
registration and everything..
..it comes to around 30 lakh.
And how much is he demanding?
15 lakh!
What is his address?
You come along with me right away.
I will slap him and
finalise the deal in 10 lakh.
You give me 2 lakh.
10 and 2 is 12! So your deal
will be finalised in 12 lakh.
Even then you are still
in profit with 3 lakh.
You are happy and I am happy.
Uncle, you will be finished,
but the case wont be.
It is better to pacify
Khurana in 15 minutes..
..rather than to pacify
the judge in 15 years.
If you say so then I can
talk it out in 14 lakh.
Khosla sir, there is
nothing to worry.
Khurana is our man.
I will finalise your deal
in 12 or 13.
The rest you can
donate to the party fund.
We will do as much as we can.
Strikes, agitations,
public interest litigations.
Then they will
automatically come down to 12 lakh.
And then you can decide
how much donation to give.
Hello!
- Mr. Chiraunjee Lal! Asif Iqbal!
Do you want to go to America or not?
They must have built a wall.
Only with mud or with bricks?
Here! Sign here!
How much have they demanded?
Fifty percent?
Are you going to give them?
Where are you going to give from?
What is your father's age?
- 56.
He must be about to retire?
He has one more year.
He must have invested all
his provident fund money.
And you too are going to America.
You are going to America, isn't it?
What do you think that
I am filling this form for nothing?
Yes, sign here!
What name did you say? Khurana!
It may be, Khurana or
it may be Baweja.
What are you going to do about it?
I do not know about Baweja.
But if it is Khurana,
then I can do a lot of things.
Look here, boss!
Your job is to issue a visa to me.
I am paying you the
concerned money.
Do not try and interfere in between.
You will not get anything.
And 1,2,3,4,5..
..6,7,8,9.
I don't think I will be
able to do it. Don't be silly!
You will get it in 5 minutes.
No, I will not be able to do it.
Meghna, listen!
I have a friend in New York.
He has an Indian Theatre Group there.
- So?
You did not understand?
He needs actors like you.
Don't you? Don't you need me?
- Do you or don't you?
No, you don't!
Come, we will go!
- Why sir, don't you want to go?
No, it is okay! We will go!
Where are you barging inside?
Do you think it is
your father's house?
Hey, brother Dharampal,
he is my brother, let him come in.
He is my brother.
- Is he your brother? Okay! Come in.
Come in! Come in!
Hey, you wrestlers, what is this?
Your plates are empty.
Take some more! Take some more!
Hey, you all do not fill
your stomach too much.
At night you all have to stay awake.
Guru, one sweet will not matter much.
A wrestler should always stay fit.
You go in! - What is this mummy?
- I said you go in!
"This world is topsy-turvy.."”
Mummy!
- Not now later!
Mr. Khosla! Come here!
"This world is a play.."
Come and sit down.
See, I will show you.
See this, this is a
300 square feet bungalow.
We emptied it in three days.
Three lakh fees!
And this is a two-room flat,
we emptied it in eight hours.
And this is the bungalow of the MP.
We emptied it in three hours.
But for this, our Balbir
Singh had to go to jail.
Now it is okay that you
do not have the money.
But give us the money for winning.
Uncle, you do not worry!
Even Lord Hanuman could not
lift a mountain so quickly..
..as quickly as we can vacate a land.
Hail Lord Human!
Break the enemies bones.
"These damsels are gorgeous."
"The monkeys went and sat there.”
"They think that
they are very great."
"These gorgeous girls do
not care for the world.”
Uncle, what do you do?
I am doing a job!
Will you drink milk?
- No.
Watch out!
Here, take, Uncle, you strike first!
- Me?
Why don't you do it?
- A rule is a rule!
Come on, hit hard!
Oh, Uncle! If you hit like this,
your hand will break.
Look, this is how you hit!
"Cheer up, buddy."
Hit hard! Hit hard! Very good!
To hell with you, Khurana..
"Cheer up, buddy."
Are you all right?
Everything is going on smoothly.
- "Cheer up, buddy."
"Cheer up, buddy."
- Very good!
Uncle, what do you say?
Is it as it was before?
It is the same!
Hail Lord Hanuman!
Break the bones of the enemy.
"Hey, gentleman go slow."
"There's current in the air..
current in the air.."
Mr. Khosla! You did an
amazing job in the night.
You did not even inform me?
He did not even give me the time.
Everything was over
before I could even think.
And Khurana's men?
You should have seen
their condition.
They thought that their wall
has collapsed on their head.
They all ran away.
You take a wash!
Had Cherry also gone with you all?
- Of course, he too had come.
Now, he is having a shower.
He does not like mud!
He too had gone?
What did I tell you?
K.K. Khosla!
- Yes!
Who is Mr. K.K. Khosla?
K.K Khosla?
No.. I am Balwant Khosla.
I am K.K. Khosla! Tell me!
Come with me to the station.
What for?
There is a report against you.
Regarding what?
Capture of Kishen
Khurana's land last night.
Inspector, where did you
get this wrong report from?
He owns this land.
The land is mine.
I have purchased it.
If you want I can show you the
documents. I have them with me.
Leave the documents
aside and come along with me.
But I..
Inspector.. - You stay away.
Stay away! - Sir, listen..
"You do what the world does.."
Listen to me..
- "Now you will have to pay."
"You may live or you may die."
"You will have to
struggle for life."
Cherry! Cherry!
"We will do something..
make all the calculations..”
"Now what will you do, my Brother?"
"Where will you go, my Brother?"
"Now what will you do?
What will you do, my Brother?"
"Look out what's happening,
Brother."
"Have a look."
Unlawful entry..
illegal occupation..
False documents..
attempt to murder..
..and two counts of horticulture act.
I have heard, he has
cut down two trees too.
But sir..
- Already so many charges.
And the other party is yet
to let loose their lawyer!
This is absurd! They are the ones
who have occupied it illegally.
So, did you file the report?
Yes, we had gone to
the headquarters.
Then why have you come here?
Go there! Do you
have any relative there?
The trouble happened in our area,
we got to be involved.
Do I have to spell it out to you?
Excuse me, just a minute.
The plot is ours, and
the papers are in our name.
Then how can you lock
him on their complaint?
I can lock him without any complaint,
what can you do?
What do you mean?
I'll tell you the meaning inside,
in the language you understand!
Don't boast of your English,
you impertinent fool!
You can't talk to me like that!
Listen to me..
- What do you think of yourself?
Get out! - To hell with him..
- You call yourself police!
Corrupted, bribe takers!
What do you think of yourself?!
I am taking your age into
consideration. - You listen to me.
Or it will be the father
and son in the slammer!
Sir, please.
- This is a lock-up, not a zoo.
Go away from here. Go!
Please, cool down, sir.
- Sorry
What sorry?
- He's a kid, sir. A kid.
If he is a kid, leave him
at home, not on my head.
Now everything is in your hands,
only you can do something.
What is there to do?
We will keep him in the lock up..
till the other party arrives.
No, sir, can't you let him go
now and call us when they arrive?
Is it not possible I break your leg?
Give them an inch
and they want a mile?
Go wait outside!
It's all my fault.
I should not have
got the wrestlers..
..then this complaint
wouldn't have been there.
Papa has not even had a
drop of water. - Did he eat?
I offered, but he did not eat.
Papa is inside the
lock-up because of me.
Cherry, I am telling
you as an elder brother.
You take off for America.
You don't get involved
and spoil your career.
These problems will keep going on..
I will take care of this.
You go. You go.
Are you K.K.'s son?
- Yes.
I am Munjal. Khurana sir
has sent me.
Come, lets get your
papa released, come.
Khosla sir, good morning. Sir.
Oh, Khosla sir, I am sorry.
I am sorry, Khosla sir. I am sorry.
Did you have some tea?
Hey, order for some tea.
Khurana sir has personally
called from Vaishnodevi.
Nothing wrong should
happen to Khosla sir.
He sent me here to settle
things and then call him.
But even you committed a mistake.
By calling wrestlers
to settle things.
When the matter could be solved
by talking, what was the use?
Khosla sir, these property
matters are complicated..
..that they cannot be settled later.
Khurana sir has 20 cases going on.
He will appoint one lawyer.
You have done magic on Khurana sir.
He loves you. He said if
Khosla is ready to offer..
..12 lakh, he personally will
come for the house warming ceremony.
12 lakh! Great discount!
Papa.
Now finish off this drama. Okay?
Khurana sir loves you.
Doesn't matter, you are back home,
even the plot will come.
Sahani sir, I don't want the plot.
But papa.. Why don't
you want the plot?
I said, that's it!
Cherry is leaving anyway..
Even Nikki will get
married and leave.
This house is big enough for
us both. We don't need any plot.
Papa, just one minute..
- Enough.
Brother Cherry, there
is someone to meet you.
The other day you came home,
but didn't come up?
Sorry, I saw you.
Dad ran into a spot of trouble.
What about the plot?
What?
I don't know what to do?
If papa does not get the land back,
he will be a broken man.
I have to get the plot for him.
Before I go to New York.
Good. Need help?
Cherry, are you sure?
You think this man can help you?
I don't know, he was
saying something about Khurana.
Mr. Chiraunjee Lal?
This is Asif.
- Iqbal Asif.
There is time for you to leave?
Kid, park it.
It's my own. Easy for conveyance.
Tell me how can I help you?
You had said..
You had offered help
in the Khurana matter.
If you need help, just ask.
Will you have tea?
Whatever Khurana has done with you..
Khurana and I used to
do the same with others.
I have worked with
him for seven years.
Were you working
with Khurana previously?
That's what I thought.
But that devil has never any Kin.
I had an ancestral land
in Saharanpur.
His eyes fell on that.
And I could not do anything.
He took it away in front of my eyes.
Then.. Khurana continued climbing.
And I started slipping down.
Anyway, forget about me.
Do you need help?
If Khurana has your land,
he must have the papers too.
When we have the papers,
how can they be with him?
I used to get the
papers made for him then.
Now it must be
someone else. It's easy.
Because you don't have any
option in the legal war.
The fastest way is to pay
and get it back from him.
Wow! That's some help.
We wouldn't be here
if we had the money.
Where will we get it from?
We will rob someone.
Good idea. Why don't
you rob Khurana itself?
Come on, dear Asif.
One second, one second.
How?
Look, Khurana's weakness
is his greed for land.
Why don't you sell him a
dinky little chunk of land?
If we had land to sell,
with us, then..
Sir, India is the worlds seventh
largest country in terms of land.
There's land everywhere,
you leave it to me.
You mean we should
sell him any plot of land?
Why any? We will sell him
a nice one.
But who will sell it?
Not sell.. pretend to sell.
We did it often.
Just find a sophisticated
looking guy, who can act too.
Asif buddy, we came to
you to solve our problem..
..and you are
involving us in a new problem.
Where could we find such a man from..
Dear Chiraunjee Lal..
You have to find the right
solution to the right problem.
Think. Think.
You.. are you okay?
Bapu, are you afraid of acting?
No, I am afraid of the consequences.
What you are planning
is called fraud!
And what Khurana has done with us,
what will you call that?
Meghna..
Bapu, you yourself say..
..that don't act just
for money, but for a cause.
Bapu, Cherry's dad.. what
could be a better cause?
Bapu, you are acting for
nothing since 30 years.
Now, act for someone's good.
What if something goes wrong?
Bapu, I have never seen you
making mistakes while acting.
A person who himself
stays in a rented home..
..what will he know
about land and property?
You leave that to me.
This is Asif.
Can I smoke?
- Okay.
Bill Gates, look. I am doing
this for her. - Thank you.
And she is doing it for you.
The man who cons
100 people in a day..
..you want to con that man.
I had always thought of you as a
sensible person, if nothing else.
Now that everything is over,
he has come to his senses.
I don't want anybody's favour.
The question of favour
doesn't arise.
He wants to help you. And you..
You call this as help?
We still haven't recovered
from the wrestler's trouble.
And now, he wants to
bring a travelling circus.
This is not help.
This is foolishness!
And who told him to help me?
He has already decided!
Where he wants to live, what he
wants to do, where he wants to go?
Then let him do as he wishes!
There is no need to increase our..
..and his troubles by helping us!
What has happened to you?
Me? What has happened to me?
Why did you talk to him like this?
I will talk to him the way I want!
I have lost my land!
My house has not been built!
I had to go to the prison!
Now you will teach me how to talk?
You always misunderstand him.
I don't care what he means
to say! Now you listen to me!
I have decided that
I don't want that land!
I don't want it!
I don't want it! That's it!
The matter is over! Understood!
There is no harm in
listening to what he is saying.
Mr. Sahani, there is no
harm to me. He will be harmed.
The whole of his childhood he
studied and reached this level.
Now, he wants to go to America.
And look what is
going on in his mind.
I lost my plot. Fine,
I have forgotten it.
But I can't endure to see
his career being ruined.
His career is not being ruined.
Yes, Mr. Sahani.
If a professional is
caught doing such a thing..
..then he has to carry the
stigma for the rest of his life.
What stigma?! What's wrong in
recovering what belongs to you?
And nowadays nobody
thinks about such things.
Everybody is
concerned about themselves.
Mr. Sahani, he doesn't know
how these people are. I know.
Mr. Khosla, the whole life
you grieved that your son..
..doesn't support you in
your good and bad times.
When he's extending support now,
why are you suspecting his intention?
What has to happen will
happen in front of you.
Just wait and watch.
But let him try.
Papa, he is Bapu.
He is Asif. Asif Igbal.
And this is Meghna.
- Greetings.
Were you with Khurana?
Yes.
- Then..
Papa, even he had a plot like us.
And you? Sir, you.. at this age too,
you are listening to them?
There is no age to pay heed
to your children, Mr. Khosla.
And you.. why are you
doing so much for us?
l.1..
- What?
l.. Uncle.. I mean..
Papa, she is my friend.
- Thanks.
I've been to the prison once.
I don't have the strength
to go to the prison again.
And I can't face any
other hardship in my house.
The rest is up to you.
No matter what papa says.
But listen to one thing.
Before doing anything arrange for..
..a shack in
Rishikesh for papa and me.
So that if the police comes,
we will have a hideout.
You want some tea?
- No. Just some water please.
The plot owner should
look like an affluent man.
A very affluent man.
And somebody who can't
be traced. NRI type.
America.
Canada. Australia!
Dubai!
Wow, Bunty! Not bad!
People in Dubai
sport beards, don't they?
They do. But you don't have one.
- Why?
Because you look smarter this way.
Now shut up and shave.
What are you doing?
We need to hire a
luxurious car.. and a driver.
I'll arrange for it.
And his name will be..
Sethi. NRI Sethi.
Good, good.
He has come from Dubai.
He is staying in a 5 star hotel.
He has two mobile phones.
But that number can be traced.
We'll get two SIM cards from Dubai.
If we call anybody, then the number
of that place will be flashed.
Brilliant!
I know guys there. But why two?
Such a big party doesn't
talk to a person directly.
He tells others. We need a secretary!
Am I right, ma'am?
Bapu, there was a call
from Bangalore.
They need two more shows.
And that Govind's
mother is still not well.
So, I have fixed Kishore.
I still haven't
spoken to the hotel guys.
What?
We have got a nice role
for you. Will you do it?
The costumes have arrived.
Mercedes is also there.
Now, it's up to you and Bapu, Mani.
I will handle it. Don't worry.
Thanks.
What thanks? If not for Bapu,
then I would have been..
..selling eggs
at Mughalsarai station.
Come on. This is better.
If you want to trap the big fish..
then first trap the small fish.
The big fish will come on its own.
What do you mean?
- Vijender.
Sir, you have called
at the right place.
Yes, sir. You don't worry.
There will be
a queue of buyers, sir.
Sir, I am a genuine party.
Yes! What?
Party, sir? Yes, sir.
Sir, the party will come. Yes, sir.
Whenever you want! No, no, sir!
10 means 10! Okay, sir!
Okay, sir! Okay!
"Day! Day! Day! Day.
Something is happening.”
"Something is happening.”
"Day! Day! Day! Day."
Remember.. broker..
party. Broker.. party.
Its 10:10! Go!
- Mobile!
"Something is going on."
What if it rings?
- Who knows the number?
Have you seen the clock?
He is waiting. Let's go.
Let's go! Come on!
"Something is going on."
- I love you, Bapu.
"Day! Day! Day! Day."
- All the best.
You are looking perfect.
Don't feel nervous.
You have performed such
great roles and this NRI Sethi..
It's nothing, sir.
It's nothing!
I am feeling so nervous.
Then let's go back.
- Okay.
You have won 135 awards.
135 awards! This..
Good morning, sir!
- Good morning.
At least say good morning.
No problem. He is
sitting there. Go! Go!
Hello, sir. I am Vijender Kumar.
I was talking to you.
Welcome to India, sir.
Sir, come. Have a seat.
Are you the broker or the party?
Sir, at least have a seat.
Sri, we will talk about that later.
- What am I asking you?
Are you the broker or the party?
Sir, I am the broker.
What did I tell you? I don't want
to talk to a broker.
Didn't I tell you?
Sir, he was supposed
to come with the party.
Sir, hear me out.
You want me to lose my job?
Call me if you find
a buyer by evening.
Otherwise get lost!
Sir..
- Listen to me.. listen..
Bapu, you were terrific!
Don't look back! Don't look back!
Do you have a handkerchief?
Don't wipe now. He is still there.
Bapu was fantastic!
The style he used to
turn around and walk..
..I felt as if Vijender
will get a heart attack.
I don't know about him.
But I surely was going to get one.
Shut up!
I think I overdid it.
Now he won't call.
Even his father will call.
If he has reached to his father..
How many acres did he say?
-9,
On the highway?
- Yes.
Sir, if what he is saying is true..
..then the rates will double
up after the highway is built.
It will triple.
Who is the party?
Party.. forget the party.
For you, I am the party.
You will become the
party for us? Fool!
Look, he is an NRI party.
He has come from Dubai. He wants
to sell it quickly and return.
That's why I was saying this.
How much do you want?
You can give me..3%.
Has your father ever seen 3%?
Look.. look, sir, according to me..
..it will be a deal of
at least 1-1.5 crore.
So, even I will earn some money.
Nowadays you have started
demanding too much. Fool!
What is this?
- Cherry has ordered it.
He was saying there are
many people in the house.
So don't cook.
Shall I cook some vegetable for you?
Let it be.
Now will the food not be cooked
in the house because of them?!
And what are they doing?
- They are working hard.
They are booking a room in
a 5 star hotel for Khurana's meeting.
A room in a 5 star hotel!
Are they their relatives?
Or these actors have put
up a set for them too?
Who will pay for it?
Cherry.
- He has gone mad!
It's futile to splurge
money on something..
..that we have already lost!
How much have they spent?
Bunty was saying
around 15,000-20,000.
15,000-20,000! Tell
him to stop this madness!
It's futile to splurge
money on something..
..that we have already lost!
Tell him that!
Why don't you tell him personally?
Me? Why should I tell him?
Let him splurge!
It's his money. Let him splurge!
It's none of my business.
Then why are you worried?
l.. l.. this..
Do you have some chutney?
When I reached home,
I saw it was locked.
Then I saw..
- It's 9. And they haven't called.
It's only 9. It will surely come.
I can't even eat.
- It will surely come.
You mean you lived all alone?
- All alone? - Yes.
Wow!
What about your parents?
Mummy is in Kolkata.
And daddy is in Bangalore.
I see. Your daddy must
have got transferred.
No, he lives there.
Then why does your
mummy reside in Kolkata?
Actually, they are divorced.
I'll take it.
- No, aunt. I will keep it. You..
Cherry.
Mr. Khosla, come. Have a seat.
No, please. You
remain seated. One moment.
Tell me, Papa.
I have heard that you
have spent 10,000-15,000.
Yes, we needed some things.
I know what you needed.
SIM card is coming from Dubai!
Hired cars! Rooms in 5 star hotel!
Papa, it's okay. I am handling it.
Are you doing..
are you doing a favour on me!
There is no need to
act like a tycoon.
Stop dreaming. He is Khurana!
He is smarter than you.
Nobody is going to call you.
Papa..
- Look, Cherry. I am your father.
Even I know certain things.
No phone is going to come.
I know it.
Cherry! Cherry!
- Brother, the call!
Cherry, the call!
Phone! Phone! Phone!
No, you take it.
- You talk. - Yes.
You speak to him.
- Come on.
Hello.
Yes.
Yes, yes, yes.
Bring them.. to Surya hotel.
At 3 o'clock.
Yes, Mr. Sethi has a suite there.
You want to meet him alone?
No! No! No!
No, you can't meet him alone.
Look, I will fix
this meeting for you.
I don't want any commission.
And don't even talk to
me like this. Understood?
Goodbye.
What?
What happened?
Great!
Yes!
That was great!
It was great fun!
"The scene is
gradually being created.”
"The twilight is getting
converted into dawn gradually.”
"The world is sleeping.
Somebody is awake."
"Something is getting destroyed."
"Look, look, something is happening.”
"Day! Day! Day! Day."
"Something is happening.”
They must have
reached the suite by now.
I am scared.
Forget suite, Bapu has
never been to a coffee shop.
Rs.150 for tea!
Such a grand hotel
and a printing mistake. Look!
Look at this!
No, Bapu. I don't
think it is a mistake.
Maybe it costs Rs.150.
Forget it! We don't
have to order for it!
We will have to order something..
..otherwise, it will look very odd.
Order the cheapest thing for me.
What's the cheapest thing?
Tea.
Listen.. I don't think
they will come. Let's go.
Bapu! Why are you shaking your legs?
I can shake whatever I want!
It's none of your business!
Don't I have this much freedom?
Bapu, don't get nervous.
I will handle everything.
You just be in your character.
Let's do one more rehearsal.
- Okay.
Name.
- M. L. Sethi.
Yes. Where do you stay?
Noida. Afzal street, Hamza, Dubai.
Yes. Business?
Hotel!
- Hotel! Hotel!
Textile!
- Textile!
Software!
- Software!
Sorry! Sorry!
I will handle everything! You just do
what Asif has told you to do.
What are you doing?
You should have gone earlier!
Welcome! Welcome! Come! Come!
He is Mr. Khurana. He is Mr. Munjal.
- Greetings.
He is Mr. Sethi's secretary.
- Come. Come.
Please come.
- Come! Come!
Please have a seat!
- Come!
Make yourself comfortable.
Come! Come!
Shall I order something?
Nothing.
Mr. Sethi is in a conference call.
Ministry on one hand
and Dubai on the other.
Have a seat.
Here! Have the offerings.
- What is this for?
Mr. Khurana has got it.
- Is that so?
He goes to Tirupati
before making a big deal.
Great! And where does he
go after the big deal?
Mr. Munjal, what do I tell you
about Mr. Sethi?
I have already met him.
He looks just like a film-star.
Hello, everybody.
Hello, sir. He is Mr. Khurana.
Hello.
- Hello.
Sir, Mr. Khurana is
interested in buying your land.
Are you a party or a broker?
Sir, what are you saying?
I am not talking to you at all.
Are you a party or a broker?
Party.
Good! Good!
Shall we come to the point then?
The minister is very happy.
The deal is through.
Great, sir! Great!
So..
Sir, Khurana.
- Yes. Mr. Khurana.
I talk clearly.
I come to India twice a year.
Once I go to visit Tirupati.
And once to visit Vaishnodevi.
Mr. Sethi is a great
devotee of Goddess Vaishnodevi.
He offers lakhs every year.
Wonderful!
When the Goddess calls,
I can't stop myself.
You might find this strange.
Am I right?
No, no. Please continue.
What is there to say, Mr. Khurana?
It is a small piece
of ancestral land.
I just want somebody who
will take good care of it.
But nowadays, you
don't find such people..
..who love their land.
Sir, Mr. Khurana loves land so much..
Will you take tea or something?
- No.
Something cold?
Then what will you take
to keep quiet? - No, no..
They are taking so much time.
I am sure something is wrong.
It's all my fault! I
shouldn't have forced Bapu!
I will call up on the cell.
No, no! We will wait.
Only land is worth to be loved.
What else is left nowadays?
Amazing! I am searching for the man..
and he is in front of me!
So, shall I consider
the deal as final?
Of course.
I just had.. a small request.
Tell me.
I just wanted to see the plot once.
Yes, why not? When do
you want to have a look?
Now.
Now?
Why? Any problem?
No, no.. no.. problem..
There is no problem
in having a look.
Actually.. actually,
sir doesn't want to say it.
He finalises all big deals
on Fridays.
It's the blessing of the Goddess.
It's just a request.
Mr. Sethi, if the
Goddess doesn't give me..
..the permission then how
can I dare to look at it?
I will come whenever you say.
But then it will be mine.
Friday! Blessing of the Goddess!
Keep quiet!
He wants to see the plot!
And that is the problem. Where
will we bring the land from?
Has anybody thought of that?
There is a land.
- Which one?
There is one in that area.
I have saved it for my retirement.
You mean you are the
owner of such a big plot?
No.
Then how did you save
it for your retirement?
I understood! I understood!
But who is the owner?
Fish. It is the
fisheries department land.
A fish research institute
was about to be built there.
But government doesn't
have the time for humans..
..then why will
they think about fish?
It has been lying
vacant for eight years.
There is nothing except a board.
But we will have to do
the make-up of that land.
Make-up?
So that everything in that
plot should look like ours.
The trees.. the plants.. the birds..
the luggage.. and people.
"Day! Day!"
"Year."
"Count! Count!”
"Day! Day! Count! Count!"
"Year."
Welcome, Mr. Khurana!
How are you, Mr. Sethi?
Come, Mr. Khurana!
Did you have any
problem in finding the land?
I never have problem
in finding the plot.
This is what I have. Have a look.
Sir, he is Insaan Singh.
He is the caretaker.
And she is his mother.
If you don't mind,
can I look around?
Yes. Why not?
No, you sit. You sit.
Yes, you sit.
I will show him around.
You go and have buttermilk.
Insaan Singh will
show me around. Fine?
Okay.
- Me?
Yes, you. You know the plot well.
- Is that so?
Yes. Now go.
Go!
Go! Come, sir.
Come on, Satan Singh!
- Sir, Insaan Singh.
Okay.
How long have you been here?
- Since the morning.
What?
I mean since years.
But I arrived this morning.
Tell me about the plot.
What should I tell you..
about the plot, sir?
It's a big plot. There are stones..
trees.. mud.. temple.
Temple? Where is the temple?
Temple.. it's far away,
sir. it's a big plot.
Why is he selling it then?
Why does he want to sell it?
That is what we don't know,
sir. Why does he want to sell it?
It's such a lovely plot of land.
It's his land. He wants to
sell it. Why are you concerned?
Greetings.
- Greetings.
They are Mr. Sethi's men.
Okay! Let's move!
Who named you Satan Singh?
No, sir. My name is Insaan Singh.
You forgot your name?
- What?
They were calling you Satan Singh.
No, sir. I am Insaan (human) Singh.
I know you are a human.
But why is your name Satan Singh?
Sir, what can I say?
It's a good name.
Katori!
- Oh, God!
How are you?
Greetings, sir!
- Greetings.
Katori, is everything well?
- Sir, it is going on.
You hardly come here nowadays.
Just like that. Sir, come.
She comes to cut the grass, sir.
She takes more than what she works.
Let her do it! Go on!
Take as much as you want.
Okay, sir. Fool!
Sir, you have seen everything.
Nothing else..
Yes! Sir, there is a well!
You want to take a bath?
This man is mad!
Sir, what happened?
You want to take a bath?
Come. Let's go.
Sir, buttermilk.
Sir, have it. Buttermilk.
How is it?
Mr. Sethi, it is the business norm.
You shouldn't praise a
thing before buying it.
You didn't tell me that you
have built a Goddess' temple.
Who am I to build a Goddess' temple?
Where Goddess wills,
the temple is made there.
We just pile up the bricks.
Nothing else.
Correct. Correct.
Mr. Sethi, I want to
sit with you some day.
First, give me the land.
It's all yours. It's
just a burden for me.
Then I will shed your burden.
Let's have a look at the paper.
Papers? - It's just a formality.
But we have to do it.
Mr. Khurana is very
strict about these things.
Then when?
Whenever you want. I will call you.
Mr. Sethi, permit me to leave.
Come on!
Sir, be careful.
Sir, the lady is greeting you.
Papa, here are the papers.
Oh, God!
Power cut!
Where is the torch?
Where did you get this document?
Papa, we got it somehow.
Just think that all the people
who have worked for Khurana..
..for so many years, a gift
to Khurana on their behalf.
Even Khurana's father
can't find a mistake in this.
You are great! Make me your student!
No need for that.
Tell me the truth now.
Where did you get the papers?
Papa, I am telling you.
Mr. Khosla, if I told you the truth..
..then you won't allow
us to use this paper.
And if we don't use it, then
Khurana will never buy the land.
And if he doesn't buy the land,
you won't get the plot back.
Now you decide. You want
the truth or the plot?
Plot.
Mr. Khosla, the iron is hot..
and this is the hammer.
Hit it.
Mr. Sethi, only I can
make such authentic papers.
I hope it's not forged.
Sir, what are you saying?
Will Mr. Sethi give you fake papers?
No, no. Even if it's fake,
we will make it authentic.
You tell me. What's the price?
Tell me, Mr. Sethi.
Whatever you think is fair.
No, no. You must be
expecting something.
No, no. I don't have
any expectations.
Still.
- 1.5.
No. 1.5 is too much.
Reduce it a bit.
Think something about us too.
A bit.
- 1.25.
Okay.
- 1.35.
No, no..
Okay. Mr. Sethi.
What will I bargain with you?
Neither mine, nor yours.
1 crore 30 lakh.
Half in cash.
No problem.
So, Mr. Sethi. This is the advance.
It's 35 lakh.
The rest after getting the land.
Count it.
No, please count it.
No, I will make a move.
No, I have to go.
Mr. Sethi, at least take the cash.
- I will leave.
Mr. Sethi! Mr. Sethi!
You didn't bring the money?
- Why?
Why are you asking me? Ask him.
Him? What to ask him?
What have you done?
You spoiled a finalised deal!
Papa, what the hell!
35 lakh! Leaving Khurana's
12 lakh, we still had 23 lakh.
23 lakh in cash!
Cash! The man who has not seen
Rs.35..
..you are telling him to
bring 35 lakh in cash!
Aren't you all ashamed!
Papa, what are you saying?
Hang on! Hang on!
Have this.
You want more?
No.
Mr. Khosla, I am very sorry.
What you have done? Nobody
would have done even that.
You are blaming him for ruining it!
If he had not taken so much trouble..
..then we couldn't
have even achieved that.
What are you saying?
The plan has been sabotaged!
What plan? Phoney land..
phoney papers.. everything phoney!
Is this what you all
have learnt in this house?
Papa, even Khurana
uses phoney papers..
I don't care what Khurana does!
But I am not Khurana!
Do you understand!
I am not Khurana!
Calm down.
- I am fine!
Had I been in his place,
I would have done..
..exactly what he did!
This is called decency!
If you remember this word!
Or else even you have become..
..like those who called me
uncle and..
Please end this now. End it.
Tell him to fill his
visa form tomorrow.
Khurana!
Hello. Yes. Yes.
Yes! No! What?
Okay. Okay.
Okay.
It was Khurana's secretary's call.
He said that after Mr. Sethi left..
..we realised that maybe we
have offered very less money.
Khurana is ready to
give 1 crore 40 lakh.
Yes!
Whatever Bapu does, it is right!
Hang on! Hang on! Hang on!
But he wants to pay
the advance on the plot.
He wants to see the plot again.
On the plot. It means again..
Everybody has gone to Bangalore.
Only Ghanshyam is here.
Another theatre crew?
No! No!
It is not safe to take any outsider.
Apart from Ghanshyam, we need
three labourers.. another one..
..an old lady.. she
is inside the house..
..50, we need at least five people.
If anything is changed drastically..
..then Khurana will come to know.
So, whatever we have to do, we
have to do it amongst ourselves.
Papa, please give us the permission.
It is our last chance.
Bapu, it's the last chance.
Mr. Sethi!
- Mr. Khurana!
Sir, I made a mistake.
- No, no.
Forgive me like your
younger brother.
No, no. It is my fault.
- No. It's my fault. It's my fault.
No, no.
- Sir, it's my fault.
If you found the offer less,
then you should have said so.
It's okay. It's okay.
That Satan Singh is
nowhere to be seen.
Satan Singh!
- Insaan Singh!
Insaan Singh!
Insaan Singh.
Greetings. Actually,
my mother is not well.
She has given her
greetings from inside.
I had one wish.
Before the deal, I wanted to
visit the temple with you once.
Let's go.
- What are you saying?
I am not saying. He is saying it.
He is saying it,
but you too understand.
You are not saying anything.
- Is there a problem?
Tell me.
Actually, Mr. Sethi had a
omelette in the morning.
So, he can't visit the temple
after eating non-vegetarian food.
That too on a big deal
like today.
Forget it. The land is now mine.
We will go anytime.
You get that buttermilk ready.
I will have a round
with Insaan Singh.
I will also come.
- Why are you taking the trouble?
I have already troubled
you so much. Come, Mr. Satan.
Come.
Satan Singh!
I can't see that girl.
Sir, who?
- That..
Greetings. Greetings.
- Greetings.
Fool..
Papa, turn your face.
Vijender is nowhere to be seen.
That is better. Fool!
What happened to the lady?
- Who?
That lady.. Insaan Singh's mother.
Old age!
- Old age!
What's her name?
Chamchi..
Katori?
- Katori!
She has gone to her village.
Her father expired.
Will she come back?
- Yes, why?
Nothing.
If you have some work,
then tell me, sir. Imarti is there.
Imarti?
Imarti!
What happened?
She is her younger sister, sir.
She is very insolent!
She has just
returned from the village.
When she will come,
then she will go back.
Can't both of them stay?
- Both? Why, sir?
Nothing. Let's go.
Fool! Idiot!
Sir, we have reached the well too.
Sir, you want to take a bath?
Is there water problem here?
- Problem? No, sir. Why?
Let's go. Come on!
- Okay.
It's cash in advance.
Sir, buttermilk.
I don't want buttermilk today.
Today, we will celebrate.
Sir, I desire to sit with you.
Let's go to the farmhouse.
We will have a drink.
Sir, it's Friday today.
You can't drink.
He had an omelette. Explain to him.
You are always objecting!
Last time too you left suddenly.
Sir, take the money.
Munjal, take this.
Yes, sir. Whether you
take the money here or..
..in the farmhouse,
it is one and the same thing.
No! No!
- Come, sir!
Sir, listen!
He had an egg by mistake.
He can't drink knowingly.
Sir, it's Friday today!
Some other day! Sir!
Oh, God!
Get the Mercedes! Come on!
What the hell are they doing?
I don't know.
- Oh, God!
"This is Khosla's nest."
"See to it that it doesn't scatter."
Let's follow them!
Bunty, go home along with them!
Wait for my call! Let's go, Asif!
Dear, you haven't eaten
anything since morning.
You were out since 6.
Shall I make something?
No, Aunt.
We should have taken
the money that day.
That Khurana is a cunning man.
I don't know what he is up to.
I understood on the
first day itself..
..that you are not
what you look like.
Sir, it's very late.
Keep quiet!
Sir, your staff is so strange!
There too he was
asking me to take a bath.
What is this? What is this?
And he has an objection
to each and everything.
That day.. when you
got up and went away..
..sir, I knew that you are great.
Really! What is the
value of the land for you?
Zero! Nothing! Zero!
Even if I were to
take the money back..
..it won't make a difference to you.
What is 35 lakh!
Mr. Sethi, you sold the land..
I bought it. Am I right?
Sir..
I know it's late. Keep quiet!
Eat something!
I'm very impressed!
Sir, do you know what my problem is?
I still goof up. Sir, it's
because of keeping low-class company.
And your secretary..
the way the talks to me..
..I don't even talk
to myself in that way.
No, no. Very good!
- Thank you, sir.
Sir, partnership. Partnership!
Partnership, Mr. Sethi! Partnership!
Hey!
What's there in these coins?!
What's there?
Mr. Sethi, you keep
sending me money from Dubai.
And I will keep
buying properties here.
Fine? Secretary!
Then wait and watch what we do!
Shopping complex..
housing complex.. multiplexes..
..going carting.. and what's that?
Bowling.
- We will do everything. Fine?
And you guys are coming tomorrow.
Mr. Sethi! For lunch!
Then we will talk tomorrow! Okay!
Goodnight! Goodnight!
Sir, cash.
- Very good! Very good! Very decent!
No, I appreciate.
- Sir, cash. Cash.
Thank you.
Tomorrow. Goodnight!
Hey! Go straight and
take a right turn.
Come on. Be careful. Carefully.
Mr. Sethi.. goodnight.
I will just come.
- Sir! Sir! Sir!
Are they coming properly?
Yes, they are coming.
Come on. Increase the speed.
Brother Asif.
- Yes.
Thank you.
What are you saying, Brother Cherry!
Hail the Goddess!
What is this?
What do you think?
Did you check it?
- Can I get water?
- Yes.
Where's he? Call him.
Not here. Let's go inside.
Papa.
We got the money.
Get the plot back tomorrow.
You too come along.
Now, I can't do all this alone.
Keep this in the safe.
"What is love?"
"What is it not?"
"I didn't ask."
"Are you mine or not."
Hi.
- Hi.
Where were you?
- I was changing.
We got the money.
I know. Good. I have to go.
Shall I escort you?
- No, I have the scooter. Bye.
Meghna!
Mr. Khosla, you are great!
Take this.
Very good! Very good!
Is he your other son? - Yes.
Very good!
What does he do?
He's a software engineer.
Very good! Very good!
You are lucky. You have two sons.
One is angry son and the
other one wears spectacles.
We want to vacate the plot.
Tell Ombir to evacuate.
The plot is empty,
sir. Ombir is here, sir.
Excellent! The plot is empty!
Goodbye then.
At least have sweets.
You have got the plot back.
No! No!
- For my sake! Please!
No, no. Please, Mr. Khurana.
I don't want it. Thank you.
Papa! Papa, are you okay?
- I am fine.
Are you sure?
- I was feeling giddy. I am okay.
I am okay.
Have you thought of a name?
- What?
You wanted to change
your name, didn't you?
You didn't get the time.
So, when are you leaving?
Where to?
America. Where else?
I don't know.
It has been a long time
since I spoke to them.
Anyway they were not paying well.
She's a nice girl.
- Who?
Meghna. She is a nice girl.
Hi.
- Hi.
Meghna, I am not going to New York.
I am not going to New York.
Are you doing a favour on me?
- Meghna.
Today, you are not going.
You will go tomorrow.
You are not going day after tomorrow.
It is not a joke to you.
No, Meghna! I want to stay here.
I need you!
- Just don't say anything!
I love you, Meghna!
- Shut up!
Meghna!
"The night is so short."
"There are so many things
to be said."
"Now that you have come.”
"I will tell you everything."
"Please hold me just once."
"The wait.. the faith.."
"Il love you too so much."
Okay, now, one minute,
let's be serious. One minute!
After giving Khurana 10 lakh
we have 25 left with us.
Out of that, the
expenses were around 1 lakh.
So, now, what do we
do with the rest?
I do not know anything about it.
You don't ask me
anything about the money.
So, if we divide this
money into three parts then..
..brother Asif, you will get 8 lakh.
Thank you!
- No, thank you!
And Bapu, for your
theatre group, 8 lakh.
No! 10 lakh!
Hey, no! - Not for you, you smoke
your bidi (Indian cigarette).
Our theatre company
does not run on water.
A little money will
always be of help to us.
Bapu, he is right!
8 will be okay!
Now what remains is our 8 lakh.
What are we supposed
to do with that?
Sir, the hotel guys are saying..
..that no Sethi ever
came there from Dubai.
Phone.
It's Dubai's cash card number.
The plot.
It belongs to the fisheries board.
Just forget what happened.
This matter should not
be leaked out.
That somebody fooled Khurana.
Now, you all do it properly please.
"This world is crazy.. where is
the hand, where is the leg.."
"It's very crazy.."
"This world is full
of games and deceit.."
"The language is all jumbled..”
"This world is crazy.. where is
the hand, where is the leg.."
"It's very crazy.."
"This world is full
of games and deceit.."
"The language is all jumbled..”
"Cheer up, buddy."
"lI am telling you it is very sweet."
"Deep breath, inhale."
"Breath out. Breath. Inhale again."
"This world is crazy.. where is
the hand, where is the leg.."
"Its very crazy.."
"This world is full
of games and deceit.."
"The language is all jumbled..”
"This world is crazy.. where is
the hand where is the leg.."
"It's very crazy.."
"This world is full
of games and deceit.."
"The language is all jumbled..”